---
layout: post
title: "Résumé"
categories:
  - Post Formats
tags:
  - CV
  - Post Formats
---

SHUAI Wenjing
============

----

>  Research Interests: 
>  Smart City, Smart Grid
>  Operations Research, Algorithmic Game Theory and Deep Learning

----

Education
---------

2013-2016
:   **Ph.D., Computer Science**; Telecom Bretagne (France)
    
    *Thesis title: Efficient management of electric vehicle systems with self-interested actors*

2008-2011
:   **M.Sc., Telecommunication (Information theory)**; Xidian University (Xi'an, China)
    
    *Thesis title: A population estimation model in heterogeneous scenario*

2004-2008
:   **B.Eng., Telecommunication**; Northwestern Polytechnical University (Xi'an, China)
    
    *Thesis title: Implementation of an elementary operating system on a microcontroller* 
    
Experience
----------

**Machine Learning in data analysis and Deep Learning in computer vision**

* Experiences on supervised learning models such as Linear Regression, Support Vector Machine and Gradient Boosting

* Experiences on unsupervised learning models such as K-means and Principle Component Analysis

* Experiences on image classification with deep learning as well as transfer learning

**Research Engineer**

* For French projects Eguise and [GreenFeed](http://greenfeed.org/en/project/)

* Proposed a recharging scheme for a Fleet Electric Vehicle to minimize the electricity bill under [Time-Of-Use electricity tariff](https://www.oeb.ca/rates-and-your-bill/electricity-rates/managing-costs-time-use-rates).

Technical Experience
--------------------

My Cool Side Project
:   For items which don't have a clear time ordering, a definition
    list can be used to have named items.

    * These items can also contain lists, but you need to mind the
      indentation levels in the markdown source.
    * Second item.

Open Source
:   List open source contributions here, perhaps placing emphasis on
    the project names, for example the **Linux Kernel**, where you
    implemented multithreading over a long weekend, or **node.js**
    (with [link](http://nodejs.org)) which was actually totally
    your idea...

Programming Languages
:   **first-lang:** Here, we have an itemization, where we only want
    to add descriptions to the first few items, but still want to
    mention some others together at the end. A format that works well
    here is a description list where the first few items have their
    first word emphasized, and the last item contains the final few
    emphasized terms. Notice the reasonably nice page break in the pdf
    version, which wouldn't happen if we generated the pdf via html.

:   **second-lang:** Description of your experience with second-lang,
    perhaps again including a [link] [ref], this time placing the url
    reference elsewhere in the document to reduce clutter (see source
    file). 

:   **obscure-but-impressive-lang:** We both know this one's pushing
    it.

:   Basic knowledge of **C**, **x86 assembly**, **forth**, **Common Lisp**

[ref]: https://github.com/githubuser/superlongprojectname

Extra Section, Call it Whatever You Want
----------------------------------------

* Human Languages:

     * English (native speaker)
     * ???
     * This is what a nested list looks like.

* Random tidbit

* Other sort of impressive-sounding thing you did

----

> <email@example.com> • +00 (0)00 000 0000 • XX years old\
> address - Mytown, Mycountry
